# My thoughts on Web Development
---
title: "My thoughts on WebDevelopment"
---

Now that you've learned a bit about what to expect in the course and have seen some of the jobs in the Web Development Industry, where do you see yourself at the end of your 14-week journey?

    - At the end of my time here in this bootcamp I hope to have a solid knowledge on full-stack development. I understand that proficiency, and full 'understanding' will take a great deal more time. With this knowledge i'm hopeful that I have more specifics on what I will be looking for in a job, because currently i'm not sure what kind of job/role I am interested in. 

What about 6 months from now?

    - Six months from now, I hope that I have at least a few dozen applications out and maybe potentially a job offer. I realize that would only be two months after completion of this bootcamp, but one can be hopeful! 

or 1 year from now?

    - A year from now, I would expect myself to have a job somewhere in this field, ideally one where I am able to work remotely or part-time remote work. That was one of the biggest factors for me wanting a career change, so it will be high on my priority list on what I am looking for in a company. 

Are you excited? Scared? Eager?

    - I would say at this point I am very excited, and more on the eager side. I wouldn't say that I am scared of what the future holds for me in this field, only that it could be scary to think about the possibility that getting my first job may take more time than I realize or anticipate. But i'm trying not to focus on that too much, seems like it's kinda like putting the cart in front of the horse so to speak. I am aware of the possibility just not my focus at this point. 
 

What do you hope to accomplish?

     -I hope to have the confidence in my abilities from what I have learned here. I hope this confidence can carry me and give me the opportunity to work for any company. 

Can you foresee potential roadblocks?

    - Maybe loosing focus or determination at times when things get tough. 

What can be done to prevent or circumvent them?

    - Exercises like this are certainly a great way to help. I think I read somewhere that one is 10X more likely to achieve a goal if it's written down. So I think I maybe could be helping out my future self, simply writing it out that I recognize there could be tough times ahead, but not to loose focus. It's only temporary. 

Is there something that I, as your instructor, can do to help you on the road to success?

    - I would say at this point I don't have anything off the top of my head, I'm very satisfied so far with the way you are presenting material to us and being patient. Maybe once we start working with more advance and in-depth material try understanding the way I learn things. I'm a very hands on type of person, simply that I don't do well with reading a theoretical concept and being able to apply it only after reading about it. Which is a major reason why I decided to attend a bootcamp and not the free self-taught route. I can google specific questions and find my answer, but I want engagement with my learning. And so far I feel like you've done a great job at that.   
